cuSignal Deprecation Notice (#393)
rapidsai/docs: _notices/rsn0032.md

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS Support Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rsn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 32 # should match notice number
notice_pin: true # set to true to pin to notice page

> title: "Deprecation announcement for cuSignal RAPIDS Repository"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Deprecation announcement for cuSignal"
```

notice_author: RAPIDS Ops
notice_status: In Progress
notice_status_color: yellow
# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Platform Support Change
notice_rapids_version: "v23.08"
notice_created: 2023-05-26
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2023-05-26
---

## Overview

> RAPIDS cuSignal repository is integrating into the CuPy repository and targeting deprecation in 3 to 4 months. We are tentativley targeting the v23.08 release scheduled for August 10, 2023. After the v23.08 release, this repository will be archived during v23.10 release. v23.08 is the targeted final release of RAPIDS cuSignal..

Reviewer 2: Re-ordered a couple sentences to make it flow better.
```suggestion
RAPIDS cuSignal repository is integrating into the CuPy repository and targeting deprecation in 3 to 4 months. We are tentatively targeting the v23.08 release scheduled for August 10, 2023. v23.08 is the targeted final release of RAPIDS cuSignal. After the v23.08 release, this repository will be archived during the v23.10 development cycle.
```

> RAPIDS cuSignal repository is integrating into the CuPy repository and targeting deprecation in 3 to 4 months. We are tentativley targeting the v23.08 release scheduled for August 10, 2023. After the v23.08 release, this repository will be archived during v23.10 release. v23.08 is the targeted final release of RAPIDS cuSignal..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RAPIDS cuSignal is being integrated directly into CuPy. Accordingly, cuSignal is being deprecated and its repository will be archived. Specific date for archival is still TBD, but we estimate approx. 3-4 months until EOL, with 23.08 likely to be the final release of cuSignal.
```

Reviewer: I actually prefer Brad's text :)

Reviewer 2: Sorry! We overlapped in our commenting.

> RAPIDS cuSignal repository is integrating into the CuPy repository and targeting deprecation in 3 to 4 months. We are tentativley targeting the v23.08 release scheduled for August 10, 2023. After the v23.08 release, this repository will be archived during v23.10 release. v23.08 is the targeted final release of RAPIDS cuSignal..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RAPIDS cuSignal repository is integrating into the CuPy repository and targeting deprecation in 3 to 4 months. We are tentativley targeting the v23.08 release scheduled for August 10, 2023. After the v23.08 release, this repository will be archived during v23.10 release. v23.08 is the targeted final release of RAPIDS cuSignal.
```

## Impact

> Users should to migrate to CuPy, which includes the cuSignal functionality: https://github.com/cupy/cupy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users should prepare to migrate to CuPy, which will include cuSignal functionality: https://github.com/cupy/cupy
```

> Users should to migrate to CuPy, which includes the cuSignal functionality: https://github.com/cupy/cupy

Reviewer 2: I think we can clarify this is a future feature, not a current feature.
```suggestion
Users should to migrate to CuPy, which will include the cuSignal functionality: https://github.com/cupy/cupy
```
